1	Blute: Diabetes Control	Blute: Diabetes Control is powdered green tea with high anti-oxidants good for Diabetes patients. It helps keep your sugar level in check. At least 10 times more effective than a regular "brewed" cup of green tea. The average consumption is 1-2 cups a day; that is equivalent to about 10-20 cups of regular green tea! Most people like a cup in the morning to "rev" them up, and then a cup in the afternoon to "perk" them up. The key ingredient of Blute is Matcha. Organic & Fresh brought to you in India directly from the farms of Japan. Our matcha is Japanese Agricultural Standards (JAS) Certified. No Contraindications/ Side Effects associated, 100% Natural and Pure. Vibrant bright green appearance with a smooth texture to give you a perfect tea experience with an award-winning taste. Organic Matcha is in powdered form and used for drinking as tea or as an ingredient in cooking and baking recipes.Matcha is renowned for numerous health benefits. It is rich in nutrients, antioxidants, fiber and chlorophyll. The health benefits of matcha exceed those of other green teas because matcha drinkers ingest the whole leaf, not just the brewed water. One cup of Blute is the equivalent of 10 cups of normal green tea in terms of nutritional value and antioxidant content.Matcha contains L-theanine, an amino acid known to relax the mind. For this reason, matcha is also known as a mood enhancer.   Other Health Benefits:  • Suppresses your appetite • Burns old and rigid fat cells • Improves your skin  • Stops tooth decay • Calms the mind and relaxes the body • Boosts metabolism and burns calories • Detoxifies effectively and naturally • Is rich in fiber, chlorophyll and vitamins • Enhances mood and aids in concentration • Provides vitamin C, selenium, chromium, zinc and magnesium • Prevent Diseases Steps to Prepare: 1) Heat spring or filtered water 2) Add a few drops of hot water to powder and mix into paste with a spoon  3) Add more hot water to paste mixture and stir. Try 1 sachet to 1 cup of water. Adjust measurement to suit taste.  4) Your tea is ready to drink	http://myblute.com/index.php/greenteafordiabetescontrol.html	http://myblute.com/media/catalog/product/p/r/product_image.jpg	Blute store	new	in stock	350.00 INR	Box of 10 sachets		
3	Blute: Weight Loss	Blute: Weight Loss is powdered green tea prepared specially to keep your weight under control. At least 10 times more effective than a regular "brewed" cup of green tea. The average consumption is 3 cups a day; that is equivalent to about 10-20 cups of regular green tea! The key ingredient of Blute: Weight Loss is Matcha. Organic & Fresh brought to you directly from the farms of Japan. Our matcha is Japanese Agricultural Standards (JAS) Certified. No Contraindications/ Side Effects associated, 100% Natural and Pure. Vibrant bright green appearance with a smooth texture to give you a perfect tea experience with an award-winning taste. Organic Matcha is in powdered form and used for drinking as tea or as an ingredient in cooking and baking recipes.Matcha is renowned for numerous health benefits. It is rich in nutrients, antioxidants, fiber and chlorophyll. The health benefits of matcha exceed those of other green teas because matcha drinkers ingest the whole leaf, not just the brewed water. One cup of Blute is the equivalent of 10 cups of normal green tea in terms of nutritional value and antioxidant content.Matcha contains L-theanine, an amino acid known to relax the mind. For this reason, matcha is also known as a mood enhancer.   Other Health Benefits:  • Suppresses your appetite • Burns old and rigid fat cells • Improves your skin  • Stops tooth decay • Calms the mind and relaxes the body • Boosts metabolism and burns calories • Is packed with 137x more antioxidants than normal green tea including the powerful EGCg • Detoxifies effectively and naturally • Is rich in fiber, chlorophyll and vitamins • Enhances mood and aids in concentration • Provides vitamin C, selenium, chromium, zinc and magnesium • Prevent Diseases Steps to Prepare: 1) Heat spring or filtered water 2) Add a few drops of hot water to powder and mix into paste with a spoon  3) Add more hot water to paste mixture and stir. Try 1 sachet to 1 cup of water. Adjust measurement to suit taste.  4) Your tea is ready to drink	http://myblute.com/index.php/greenteaforweightloss.html	http://myblute.com/media/catalog/product/0/8/08_23_13_collection_25tea_2.jpg	Blute store	new	in stock	350.00 INR	Box of 10 sachets		
